FIP-0050: Multisig: Do not export any functionality (#575)
filecoin-project/FIPs: FIPS/fip-0050.md

#### Multisig Actor

> No methods are exported for the Multisig actor, besides the UniversalReceiverHook (which isalready exported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No methods are exported for the Multisig actor, besides the UniversalReceiverHook (which was already exported).
```
